Draft-xxx-teas-5g-network-slice-application

Note: This document is an original merging version with 3 parts of contents which is differentiated with colors:
-	draft-geng-teas-network-slice-mapping
-	draft-contreras-teas-3gpp-ietf-slice-mapping
-	draft-rokui-5g-ietf-network-slice

Abstract
   Network Slicing is one of the core features in 5G, which provides
   different network service as .independent logical networks.  End-to-
   end network slice consists of 3 major types of network segments:
   Access Network (AN), Mobile Core Network (CN) and Transport Network
   (TN).  This draft describes the procedure of mapping 5G end-to-end
   network slice to transport network slice defined in IETF, includes
   network slice identification mapping, network slice parameter mapping
   and 5G IETF Network Slice NBI, in order to describe applicability of
   IETF Network Slices in the Role of 5G Transport Network Slices in
   Support of 5G End-to-end Network Slices. 

1.	Introduction
Driven by the new applications of 5G, the concept of network slicing
   is defined to provide a logical network with specific capabilities
   and characteristics.  Network slice contains a set of network
   functions and allocated resources(e.g. computation, storage and
   network resources).  According to [TS28530], a 5G end-to-end network
   slice is composed of three major types network segments: Radio Access
   Network (RAN), Transport Network (TN) and Mobile Core Network (CN).
   Transport network is supposed to provide the required connectivity
   between AN and CN, with specific performance commitment.  For each
   end-to-end network slice, the topology and performance requirement
   for transport network can be very different, which requests transport
   network to have the capability of supporting multiple different
   transport network slices.

   The concept of IETF network slice is discussed in
   [I-D.ietf-teas-ietf-network-slices].  In summary, an IETF Network
   Slice is a logical network topology connecting a number of endpoints
   using a set of shared or dedicated network resources that are used to
   satisfy specific Service Level Objectives SLOs) and Service Level
   Expectations (SLEs).

   The realization of an IETF network slices in Transport network (TN)
   could span multiple technology (e.g., IP/MPLS, Optical) and multiple
   administrative domains.  Depending on the consumer's requirement, an
   IETF network slice could be isolated from other concurrent IETF
   network slices, in terms of data plane, control plane and management
   plane.  The procedure for lifecycle of an end-to-end network slice
   instance (i.e., creation, deletion, modificatinon, termination etc.)
   is defined in [TS28531].  End-to-end network slicing provisioning is
   specified in ETSI [ZSM003].

   5G end-to-end slice is one of the important use cases for IETF
   network slicing.  This draft describes the procedure of mapping 5G
   end-to-end network slice to transport network slice defined in IETF,
   includes network slice identification mapping, network slice
   parameter mapping and 5G IETF Network Slice NBI, in order to describe
   applicability of IETF Network Slices in the Role of 5G Transport
   Network Slices in Support of 5G End-to-end Network Slices.

2.	Terminologies
Contents from section 2 of draft-geng-teas-network-slice-mapping

   The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT",
   "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this
   document are to be interpreted as described in [RFC2119].

   The following terms are used in this document:
   
NSC: IETF Network Slice Controller

   NSI: Network Slice Instance

   NSSI: Network Slice Subnet Instance

   S-NSSAI: Single Network Slice Selection Assistance Information

   AN: Access Network

   RAN: Radio Access Network

   TN: Transport Network

   CN: Mobile Core Network

   DSCP: Differentiated Services Code Point

   CSMF: Communication Service Management Function

   NSMF: Network Slice Management Function

   NSSMF: Network Slice Subnet Management Function


3.	5G End-to-End Network Slice Introduction
Contents from section 2 of draft-rokui-5g-ietf-network-slice

To demonstrate the concept of 5G E2E network slice and the role of
   various controllers, consider a typical 5G network shown in Figure 1
   where a mobile network operator Y has two customers C1 and C2.  The
   boundaries of administrative domain of the operator includes RAN,
   transport, Core and mobile application domains.  Customer C1 and C2
   request to have one or more logical independent E2E networks from UEs
   (e.g. vehicle infotainment, mobile phone, IoT meters etc.) to the 5G
   application servers, each with its own distinct SLO.

   Each of these independent networks is called a 5G E2E network slice.
   Each E2E network slice comprised of three componets RAN slice, IETF
   network slice, and Core slice, respectively representing RAN,
   transport and core domain portions of the slice.

 

    Figure 1: High level architecture of a 5G end-to-end network slice

   In Figure 1 mobile network operator Y has created four 5G E2E network
   slices, NS1, NS2, NS3 and NS4, each with its own RAN, Core and IETF
   network slices.  To create a RAN slice, the RAN network function s
   such as eNB and gNB should be programmed to have a context for each
   5G E2E network slice.  This context means that the RAN network
   functions should allocate certain resources for each 5G E2E network
   slice they belong to such as air interface, various schedulers,
   policies and profiles to guarantee the SLO requirement for that
   specific network slice.  By the same token, the Core slices will be
   created which means that the mobile network operator will create the
   context for each 5G E2E network slice on Core network functions.

   For each 5G E2E network slice NS1, NS2, NS3 and NS4, after creation
   of RAN and Core slices, they should be connected to each other and be
   connected to mobile application servers to form the 5G E2E network
   slice.  As defined in [I-D.nsdt-teas-ietf-network-slice-definition],
   the set of connections are referred to "IETF Network Slices" and
   specifically for 5G they are referred to "5G IETF Network Slices".

   Referring to Figure 1, for each 5G E2E network slice, the following
   5G IETF network Slices are needed:

   o  5G IETF Network Slice 1: To connect RAN slice to Core slice in
      Transport Network 1

   o  5G IETF Network Slice 2: To connect Core slice to Mobile
      Application Servers in Transport Network 2.  This might be needed
      if the mobile application servers are connected to core network
      functions through a transport network.  For example, if the Core
      slice, which is realized on VNFs, and mobile application servers
      are in the same data center, the 5G IETF Network Slice 2 is not
      needed.  In this case the transport network 2 does not exist.

   Note that as we will see later in Section 4.1, Section 4.2 and
   Section 4.3, the number of "5G IETF network slices" might be more
   than two which depends on some factors such as RAN deployment:

   After creation of RAN, Core and 5G IETF network slices, they will be
   associated together to form a working 5G E2E network slice identified
   by an ID referred as to S-NSSAI.  Please refer to [TS.23.501-3GPP]
   for more info on S-NSSAI.

   To support fully automated enablement and assurance of 5G E2E network
   slices, multiple controllers are needed to perform the life cycle of
   5G E2E network slices in RAN, Core and Transport domains.  As shown
   in Figure 2 each RAN, Core and Transport domain needs its own
   controller called RAN Slice Controller, Core Slice Controller and
   IETF Network Slice Controller.  In addition, an E2E network slice
   orchestrator is needed to provide coordination and control of network
   slices from an E2E perspective.

   In summary, a 5G E2E network slice will involve several domains, each
   with its own controller; 5G RAN, 5G Core and transport domains need
   to be coordinated in order to deliver an E2E mobile service.  Note
   that in this context a service is not an IP/MPLS service but rather
   customer facing services such as CCTV service, eMBB service,
   Infotainment service and so on.

 

       Figure 2: Various controllers for 5G end-to-end network slice

Section 3 of draft-geng-teas-network-slice-mapping

The following figure illustrates a typical mobile network with three
   5G e2e network slices.  Each e2e network slice contains AN slice, CN
   slice and one or more IETF network Slices. 3GPP identifies each e2e
   network slice using an integer called S-NSSAI.  In Figure-1 there are
   three instances of e2e network slices which are identified by S-NSSAI
   01111111, 02222222 and 02333333, respectively.  Each instance of e2e
   network slice contains AN slice, CN Slice and one or more IETF
   network slices.  For example, e2e network slice 01111111 has AN Slice
   instance 4, CN Slice instance 1 and IETF network slice 6.  Note that
   3GPP does not cover the IETF network slice.  See
   [I-D.ietf-teas-ietf-network-slices] for details of IETF network
   slice.

   Note that 3GPP uses the terms NSI and NSSI which are a set of network
   function and required resources (e.g. compute, storage and networking
   resources) which corresponds to network slice Instance, whereas
   S-NSSAI is an integer that identifies the e2e network slice.
 

   Figure 1 5G End-to-End Network Slice and its components


   Section 4 of draft-contreras-teas-3gpp-ietf-slice-mapping

The IETF Network Slice (NS) service is defined in
   [I-D.ietf-teas-ietf-network-slices] as a set of connections between a
   number of CEs, with that connections having specific Service Level
   Objectives (SLOs) and Service Level Expectations (SLEs) over a common
   underlay network, with the traffic of one customer being separated
   from another.  The concept of IETF network slice is conceived as
   technology agnostic.

   The IETF NS service is specified in terms of the set of endpoints
   (from CE perspective) connected to the slice, the type of
   connectivity among them, and a set of SLOs and SLEs for each
   connectivity construct.

   In [I-D.ietf-teas-ietf-network-slice-nbi-yang] the endpoints are
   described by an identifier, with some metrics associated to the
   connections among them as well as certain policies (e.g., rate limits
   for incoming and outgoing traffic).


4.	Draft scope
Start with basic contents, growing on top of that (for example 5G E2E network slicing introduction, applying IETF network slice in 5G network slice , including structure, procedure, parameter, NBI and so on)

Some possible further points:
	· Packet switching instantiation with any of the existing models?
	· Do we stay at slice request or also cover one (or more) example(s) of realization?
	· Gap identification 
	· Proposal for new solutions (identified at this time so far)
	· Provide internal (e.g. towards framework, NBI, etc) and external (e.g. 3GPP) feedback
etc

5.	Network Slice Mapping Structure
Section 4 from draft-geng-teas-network-slice-mapping

Referring to 3GPP TR 28.801, the management of 5G e2e network slices
   from 3GPP view is shown in Figure-2(A).  Figure-2(B) illustrates the
   view of IETF and how it maps to 3GPP network slice management.  In
   particular, the IETF network slice controller (NSC) is equivalent to
   3GPP TN NSSMF and functional block "Consumer" at IETF is equivalent
   to 3GPP NSMF.


Figure-2 Relation between IETF and 3GPP Network Slice management

   The following figure shows the necessary elements for mapping end-to-
   end network slice into IETF network slices.

 
Figure-3 5G E2E Network Slice Mapping Structure
  
The following network slice related identifiers in management plane,
   control plane and data(user) plane play an important role in end-to-
   end network slice mapping.

   *  Single Network Slice Selection Assistance Information(S-NSSAI):
      The end-to-end network slice identifier, which is defined in
      [TS23501]; S-NSSAI is used during 3GPP network slice signalling
      process.

   *  IETF Network Slice Identifier: An identifier allocated by IETF
      Neetwork Slice Controller (NSC) in management plane.  In data
      plane, IETF Network Slice Identifier may be instantiated with
      existing data plane identifiers and doesn't necessarily require
      new encapsulation.

   *  IETF Network Slice Interworking Identifier: Data-plane network
      slice identifier which is used for mapping the end-to-end network
      slice traffic to specific IETF network slice.  The IETF Network
      Slice Interworking Identifier is a new concept introduced by this
      draft, which may be instantiated with existing data plane
      identifiers and doesn't necessarily require new encapsulation.

   The relationship between these identifiers are specifies in the
   following sections.

Section 4.4 of draft-rokui-5G-network-slice

   As discussed in [I-D.nsdt-teas-ietf-network-slice-definition], an
   IETF network slice contains one or more connections between various
   network functions, application and devices.  These connections can be
   grouped into various Connection Groups where each group has its own
   SLA/SLO.

  To further explore this concept in 5G E2E network slicing, consider
   Figure 7, where the details of 5G IETF network slice INS_1 introduced
   in Figure 4 is illustrated.  The 5G IETF network slice INS_1 is
   between 5G RAN and Core slices and has multiple connections between
   5G RAN network functions BBU1 and BBU2 and 5G Core network functions
   AMF1 and UPF1.  In particular, it contains the following connection
   groups, each with its own SLO where SLO-C and SLO-U might be
   different (e.g. they might be control and user plans SLOs):
   o  "Connection group C" connects BBU1 and BBU2 to AMF1 with SLO-C
   o  "Connection group U" connects BBU1 and BBU2 to UPF1 with SLO-U

   The combination of two connection groups will form the 5G IETF
   network slice INS_1.  Note that the definition of 5G IETF network
   slice INS_1 does not specify how these connections should be realized
   in transport network 1.  Although it is optionally possible, it is
   not necessarily mandatory for the definition of a 5G IETF network
   slice to state which technology (e.g.  IP, MPLS, Optics, PON etc.) or
   tunnel type (e.g.  RSVP-TE, SR-TE etc.) should be employed for
   realization.  As discussed in
   [[I-D.nsdt-teas-ietf-network-slice-definition], any of these
   technologies may be used by the IETF Network Slice Controller (NSC)
   to realize an IETF network slice.

   In summary, a 5G IETF network slice is a distinct set of technology-
   agnostic connection groups between various 5G network functions, 5G
   devices or 5G applications each with its own deterministic SLO which
   can be realized by any suitable technology, tunnel type and service
   type.

 
Figure 7: Details of 5G IETF Network Slice as a set of Connection Groups

Section 5 of draft-contreras-teas-3gpp-ietf-slice-mapping
 
At the time of provisioning a 3GPP slice, it is required to provide
   slice connectivity constructs by means of IETF network slices.  Then
   it is necessary to bind two different endpoints, as depicted in
   Figure 2:

   o  Mapping of EP_Transport (as defined by [TS28.541]) to the endpoint
      at the CE side of the IETF network slice.  This is necessary
      because the IETF Network Slice Controller (NSC) will receive as
      input for the IETF network slice service the set of endpoints at
      CE side to be interconnected.

   o  Mapping of the endpoints at both CE and PE side.  The endpoint at
      PE side should be elicited by some means by the NSC, in order to
      establish and set up the connectivity construct intended for the
      customer slice request, according to the SLOs and SLEs received
      from the higher level system.

 
Figure 2: Title to be added

6.	3GPP Network Slice Mapping Parameters
Section 3 of draft-contreras-teas-3gpp-ietf-slice-mapping

   The network slice concept was present in 3GPP specifications from the
   first 5G release (Rel-15).  As captured in [TS23.501], a network
   slice represents a logical network providing specific network
   capabilities and network characteristics.

   To make slicing a reality, every technical domain is split into one
   or more logical network partitions, each referred to as a network
   slice subnet.  The definition of multiple slice subnets on a single
   domain allows this segment to provide differentiated behaviors, in
   terms of functionality and/or performance.  The stitching of slice
   subnets across the RAN, CN and TN results in the definition of
   network slices.

   From a management viewpoint, the concept of network slice subnet
   represents an independently manageable yet composable portion of a
   network slice.  The rules for the definition of network slice subnets
   and their composition into network slices are detailed in the 5G
   Network Resource Model (NRM) [TS28.541], specifically in the Network
   Slice NRM fragment.  This fragment captures the information model of
   5G network slicing, which specifies the relationships between
   different slicing related managed entities, each represented as a
   separate Information Object Class (IOC).  An IOC captures the
   semantics and attributes of a manageable entity; in other words, it
   defines the class based on which instances (objects) from this entity
   can be created.  In the model, we have four different IOCs:

   o  NetworkSlice IOC, representing a network slice.  This IOC is
      associated with one or more ServiceProfiles, each representing the
      requirements of a particular service.  The 1:N relationship of
      NetworkSlice IOC with the ServiceProfile is because one network
      slice can host multiple services, as long as they do not impose
      conflicting requirements.

   o  NetworkSliceSubnet IOC, associated with a network slice subnet.
      This IOC is associated with one or more SliceProfiles.

   o  ManagedFunction IOC, which represents a 5G network function.

   o  EP_Transport IOC, which represents an interface associated with
      transport network level information, e.g., transport address,
      reachability information, and QoS profiles.

   For the transport related part of a network slice, the key focus is
   on EP_Transport IOC.  Instances of this IOC servesto instantiate 3GPP
   interfaces which are needed to support Network Slicing and to define
   Network Slice transport resources within the 5G NRM.  In a nutshell,
   the EP_Transport IOC permits to define additional logical interfaces
   for each slice instance of the 3GPP user plane.

   According to [TS28.541], the EP_Transport construct on 3GPP side has
   the following attributes:

   o  ipAddress (mandatory): specifies the IP address asigned to the
      logical transport interface.  It is used for transport routing.
      Assigned uniquely per slice.  As per [TS28.541] IP address is
      defined as an IPv4 address or an IPv6 address.  The concern is
      that for the coherent networking, IP address should be assigned to
      the interface with a network mask, to form an IPv4 or IPv6 prefix.

   o  logicInterfaceInfo (mandatory): a set of parameters, which
      includes logicInterfaceType and logicInterfaceId.  It specifies
      the type and identifier of a logical interface.  It could be a
      VLAN ID, MPLS Tag or Segment ID.  This is assigned uniquely per
      slice.

   o  nextHopInfo (optional): identifies the ingress transport node.
      Each node can be identified by any combination of IP address of
      next-hop router of transport network, system name, port name and
      IP management addresses of transport nodes.

   o  qosProfile (optional): specifies the set of QoS parameters which
      are logically provisioned on both sides on a logical transport
      interface.  This is assigned uniquely per slice.

   o  epApplicationRef (mandatory): specifies the list of application
      endpoints associated with the logical transport interface.  May be
      assigned multiple per slice.  Used to maintain association with
      corresponding 3GPP logical interface (NgU (N3), F1_U), to which
      EP_Transport is related to.  Notice that one EP_Transport
      (representing a logical transport interface) can be associated
      with more than one multiple EP_Application (representing an
      application endpoint of a 3GPP managed function), but also the
      other way around.  While the first case captures the typical
      situation, the second case can be used for the sake of resilience
      or load balance in the transport network.

   From the Transport Network domain side, these parameters define CE
   transport interface configuration and shall be taken as an input to
   the transport service model to create coherent Network Slice
   transport service.

   According to the [TS28.541] attributes in the EP_Transport, the IETF
   Network Slice may be defined by the following combination of the
   parameters:
  

   From the perspective of IETF Network Slcie realization, some of these
   options could be realized in a straightforward manner while other
   could require of advanced features (e.g., PBR, SRv6, FlexE, etc).


Section 5 of draft-geng-teas-network-slice-mapping

 

1.  NSMF receives the request from CSMF for allocation of a network
   slice instance with certain characteristics.

   2.  Based on the service requirement , NSMF acquires requirements for
   the end-to-end network slice instance , which is defined in Service
   Profile([TS28541] section 6.3.3).

   3.  Based on Service Profile, NSMF identified the network function
   and the required resources in AN, CN and TN networks.  It also
   assigns the unique ID S-NSSAI.

   4.  NSMF sends a request to AN NSSMF for creation of AN Slice.

   5.  NSMF sends a request to CN NSSMF for creation of CN Slice.

   6.  NSMF sends a request to IETF Network Slice Controller (NSC) for
   creation of IETF Network Slice.  The request contains such attribute
   such as endpoints, required SLA/SLO along with other IETF network
   slice attributes.  It also cotains mapping informatin for IETF
   Network Slice Interworking Identifier.

   7.  NSC realizes the IETF network slice which satisfies the
   requirement of IETF network slice between the specified endpoints
   (AN/ CN edge nodes).  It assigns sliceID and send it to NSMF.

   8.  NSMF has the mapping relationship between S-NSSAI and IETF
   Network Slice ID;

   9.  When the User Equipment (UE) appears, and during the 5G
   signalling, it requests to be connected to specific e2e network slice
   identified by S-NASSI.  Then a GTP tunnel (which is UDP/IP) will be
   created.

   10.  UE starts sending traffic in context of e2e network slice for
   specific S-NASSI.

   11.  In context of GTP tunnel, the AN edge nodes encapsulates the
   packet with sliceIID according to the selected S-NSSAI ans send it to
   the transport network.

   12.  The transport network edge node receives the IP packet and
   parses the sliceIID from the packet and maps the packet to the
   corresponding IETF network slice.  It may encapsulate packet with
   sliceID if needed (for example for enforcing QoS in transport
   network).

7.	Network Slice Mapping Procedure
7.1	 Network Slice Mapping in Management Plane

Section 5.1 of draft-geng-teas-network-slice-mapping

   The transport network management Plane maintains the interface
   between NSMF and TN NSSMF, which 1) guarantees that IETF network
   slice could connect the AN and CN with specified characteristics that
   satisfy the requirements of communication; 2) builds up the mapping
   relationship between NSI identifier and TN NSSI identifier; 3)
   maintains the end-to-end slice relevant functions;

   Service Profile defined in[TS28541] represents the requirement of
   end-to-end network slice instance in 5G network.  Parameters defined
   in Service Profile include Latency, resource sharing level,
   availability and so on.  How to decompose the end-to-end requirement
   to the transport network requirement is one of the key issues in
   Network slice requirement mapping.  GSMA(Global System for Mobile
   Communications Association) defines the [GST] to indicate the network
   slice requirement from the view of service provider.
   [I-D.contreras-teas-slice-nbi] analysis the parameters of GST and
   categorize the parameters into three classes, including the
   attributes with direct impact on the IETF network slice definition.
   It is a good start for selecting the transport network relevant
   parameters in order to define Network Slice Profile for Transport
   Network.  Network slice requirement parameters are also necessary for
   the definition of transport network northbound interface.

   Inside the TN NSSMF, it is supposed to maintain the attributes of the
   IETF network slice.  If the attributes of an existing TN NSSI could
   satisfy the requirement from TN Network Slice Profile, the existing
   TN NSSI could be selected and the mapping is finished If there is no
   existing TN NSSI which could satisfy the requirement, a new TN NSSI
   is supposed to be created by the NSSMF with new attributes.

   TN NSSI resource reservation should be considered to avoid over
   allocation from multiple requests from NSMF (but the detailed
   mechanism should be out of scope in the draft)

   TN NSSMF sends the selected or newly allocated TN NSSI identifier to
   NSMF.  The mapping relationship between NSI identifier and TN NSSI
   identifier is maintained in both NSMF and TN NSSMF.

   YANG data model for the Transport Slice NBI, which could be used by a
   higher level system which is the Transport slice consumer of a
   Transport Slice Controller (TSC) to request, configure, and manage
   the components of a transport slices, is defined in
   [I-D.wd-teas-transport-slice-yang].  The northbound Interface of IETF
   network slice refers to [I-D.wd-teas-ietf-network-slice-nbi-yang].

Section 5 of draft-contreras-teas-3gpp-ietf-slice-mapping

7.1.1  Mapping EP_transport to IETF NS CE endpoints

   The 3GPP Management system provides the EP_Transport IOC to extend
   the slice awareness to the transport network.  The EP_Transport IOC
   contains parameters as IP address, additional identifiers (i.e., vlan
   tag, MPLS label, etc), and associated QoS profile.  This IOC is
   related to the endpoints of the 3GPP managed functions
   (EP_Application IOC).

   The information captured in the EP_Transport IOC (3GPP concern)
   should be translated into the CE related parameters (IETF concern).
   There will be cases where such translation is straightforward, as for
   instance, when the 3GPP managed functions run on monolithic, purpose-
   specific network elements, in the way that the IP address attribute
   from the EP_Transport IOC is the IP address of an interface of the
   network element.  In this case, the information on EP_Transport IOC
   can be directly passed to the IETF NSC through the NBI, even though
   some additional information could be yet required, not being defined
   yet on 3GPP specifications (e.g., the mask applicable to the IP
   address field on EP_Transport).

   However, there could be other cases where such a relationship is not
   straightforward.  This could be the case of virtualized 3GPP managed
   functions that could be instantiated on a general-purpose network
   element.  In these other cases it is necessary to define additional
   means for eliciting the endpoint at the CE side corresponding to the
   endpoint of the 3GPP-related function.

   With solely EP_Transport characterization in 3GPP, we could expect
   the NS CE endpoint being identified by a combination of IP address
   and some additional information such as vlan tag or SRv6 label that
   could discriminate against a certain logical interface.  The next hop
   router information is related to the next hop view from the
   perspective of the 3GPP entity part of the slice, then providing
   hints for determining the slice endpoint at the other side of the
   slice service.  Finally, the QoS profile helps to determine
   configurations needed at the PE side to respect the SLOs in the
   connection between CEs slice endpoints.

7.1.2  Mapping IETF NS CE to PE endpoints

As described in [I-D.ietf-teas-ietf-network-slices], there are
   different potential endpoint positions for an IETF NS.

 

   The information that is passed to the IETF NSC in terms of endpoints
   is the information relative to the CE position, which is the one
   known by the slice customer.  From that information, the NSC needs to
   infer the corresponding endpoint position at PE side, in order to
   setup the desired connectivity constructs with the SLOs indicated in
   the request.

Being slice request technology-agnostic, the identification of the
slice endpoints at the PE side should leverage on generic information
   passed through the NBI to the IETF NSC.


7.2 Network Slice Mapping in Control Plane

7.3 Network Slice Mapping in Data Plane

8.	Example of IETF Network Slice request through IETF Network Slice NBI

9. Gpas
